README.md, before:

# polycul.es

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/makyo/polycul.es.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/makyo/polycul.es)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/makyo/polycul.es/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/makyo/polycul.es?branch=master)
[![polycul.es](https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/https/polycul.es.svg)](https://polycul.es)

Graphing polyamorous relationships with force directed layouts.

## Development

You will need to install Python, virtualenv, and GraphViz using whatever package manager your operating system uses.  Then you can setup, run and test the application as follows:

1. Create a new virtualenv environment by running `make`
2. Run the application by running `make run` and opening http://localhost:5000/ in a browser
3. Run the tests by running `make test`

Alternatively, you can use Docker:

1. Build and run the image by using `docker-compose up --detach`
2. Alternatively, you can use development mode by using `docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.dev.yml up`


## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Fixes for venv building & Docker, README additions & changes
- Fixed typed-ast building by bumping to latest
- Fixed Docker migrations
- README.md reformats and additons
  - Docker logging
  - Env variables
- Added example env to docker-compose, removed obsolete version key

README.md, after:

# polycul.es

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/makyo/polycul.es.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/makyo/polycul.es)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/makyo/polycul.es/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/makyo/polycul.es?branch=master)
[![polycul.es](https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/https/polycul.es.svg)](https://polycul.es)

Graphing polyamorous relationships with force directed layouts.

## Development
### Run locally
You will need to install Python, virtualenv, libffi (for building cffi) and GraphViz using whatever package manager your operating system uses.  Then you can setup, run and test the application as follows:

1. Create a new virtualenv environment by running `make`
2. Run the application by running `make run` and opening http://localhost:5000/ in a browser
3. Run the tests by running `make test`

### Run using Docker
1. Build and run the image by using `docker-compose up --detach`
2. Alternatively, you can use development mode by using `docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.dev.yml up`

#### Logging
The Dockerfile (as of writing) uses gunicorn, which doesn' show `print` output. The function below can be used as a replacement
```python
def log(message, path="log.txt"):
    with open(path, "a+", encoding="utf-8") as file:
        file.write("\n" + message)
```

## Environment variables
|    Key     |  Default value  |
| ---------- | --------------- |
| ip         | `None`          |
| DATABASE   | `dev.db`        |
| SECRET_KEY | `SET ME PLEASE` |

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
